[All Hosts] (debugging) refresh VS debugging (#5049)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/debug-office-add-ins-in-visual-studio.md

1. Follow the steps in the earlier section [Start the add-in project](#start-the-add-in-project).

> 1. Launch the add-in in the Office application if it isn't already open. For example, if it's a task pane add-in, it'll have added a button (for example, a **Show Taskpane** button) to the **Home** ribbon or or to a custom ribbon tab that is installed with the add-in. Select the button on the ribbon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch the add-in in the Office application if it isn't already open. For example, if it's a task pane add-in, it'll have added a button (for example, a **Show Taskpane** button) to the **Home** ribbon or to a custom ribbon tab that's installed with the add-in. Select the button on the ribbon.
```

1. Opens the Office application host page of your Microsoft 365 tenancy in Microsoft Edge.

> [!TIP]

> > If for any reason, Visual Studio doesn't fully sideload the add-in and none of the fixes described above works, you can manually sideload it. Follow the steps in [Sideload an add-in to Microsoft 365](../testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing.md#sideload-an-add-in-to-microsoft-365). When you are instructed to browse to the manifest, navigate to the XML file in the folder `_ProjectName_\bin\Debug\OfficeAppManifests` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If for any reason, Visual Studio doesn't fully sideload the add-in and none of the fixes earlier works, you can manually sideload it. Follow the steps in [Sideload an add-in to Microsoft 365](../testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing.md#sideload-an-add-in-to-microsoft-365). When you're instructed to browse to the manifest, navigate to the XML file in the folder `_ProjectName_\bin\Debug\OfficeAppManifests` directory.
```
